# Aerolab CLI

Automate boring development tasks, including setting up repos, issue boards, git, ci server, dockerfile, and have the ability to immediately ship an app to a staging server.

## CLI

Since this is an open source package, we need to have some sort of authentication after install, coupled with global preferences.

### Main Commands

**aerolab init**: Does a bunch of simple stuff:

* Sets up git
* GitLab repository
* binds remote
* sets up git flow
* places a README file (with links to build status, issue board and staging and dev servers)
* standard gitlab-ci.yml + CHECKS file (only if the project is deployable on dokku)
* package.json file with general presets (Node 6 + Babel Stage 3)
* yarn.lock file
* .gitignore file.

Note: Should also ask for auth if this is a new user, setting up the main variables (dokku endpoint, etc).

**aerolab config**: Login to the server, add users' private key to dokku.

**aerolab apps**: List dokku apps

**aerolab rebuild**: Rebuild a specific dokku app

**shipea**: Used for simple websites and APIs. Pushes the entire folder (not including node_modules, classic .gitignore, etc) to dokku to deploy the site to a random subdomain. Also available as shipea [subdomain] to ship the project to subdomain.shipea.aerolab.co.


## Server

The server is there to help set up new repositories and projects in Aerolab's GitLab group. Generally handles auth and some tasks that require managing GitLab in a centralized manner.

### Auth

Email + Password. Users can be generated by an admin, which would email them the credentials and basic setup to use aerolab-cli.

### Main Endpoints

**/users**: View/create users.
**/me**: Show/edit profile. Also provides dokku+shipea endpoints.
**/projects**: View/create GitLab projects.

### Admin Tasks

**Clean Up Shipea**: Delete old and unused apps from the server.


## Next Features

* Automatic setup for Android + iOS apps.
* Placeholder while site is being deployed (like now)
